So what is critical to review when you start a new tour on your ship,
when you walk up the brow and get you a new ship, one thing that the
commanding officer always has is this standing orders. And before you're
gonna be qualified as an officer, that import or the officer of
the deck underway or the tactical action officer you lost the watch,
you're going tohave to know the commanding officers standing orders.
This is vitally important because these are his one on one directions
to you to tell you. Call me if this happens. Okay? Most easiest
thing. One thing is commanding officer to the bridge. Okay, Trust
made commanding officer will get to the bridge. Really? When that war
goes out over the sea? Because he knows. And he will trust you if
you have. If you delay calling the commanding Austin the bridge, that's
what happens in the McCain. McCain got in trouble. Manning officer
did not get to the bridge. So commanding officers standing orders
number one thing that you need to read. In fact, if you're going to
a new ship, you might want to ask the exact, you know, can I get a
copy off the commanding officer standing orders before you even get
there. Okay, that shows that you're being aggressive. You're leaning
forward in the saddle and you want to see his standing orders. Now,
in addition to that, each night underway are the commanding officer's
night orders on the night waters are equally important. It lays down
step by step. Okay. When to call the captain for any situation.
Okay, if there's a contact bearing down on you, what's known as CVD
are constant bearing. Decreasing range. You've got some unidentified
contact coming down straight at you. Captain wants to know every commanding
officer wants to know. When that situation happens. There's
a few other situations in there. Hey, we're gonna be refueling tomorrow
morning. So on the night watch, we've got a fake out all the hoses
on the port side and make sure that we're ready to receive lines
and liners, you know, probably at oh, dark 30 in the morning and the
standing orders will lay those out. So those two things that you could
be from familiarize yourself with that pair you and make you a
better officer going to a new command